.TH pdc_client 1
.SH NAME
pdc_client \- work with a PDC instance
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pdc_client
\fB\-s\fR \fISERVER\fR
[\fIOPTIONS\fR...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pdc_client
provides access a given PDC instance for reading and writing data.
If you have a Kerberos ticket, it will automatically obtain an access token.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-server =\fISERVER\fR
Set which URL to connect to.
There are shortcuts available for RedHat hosted instances (\fIprod\fR, \fIstage\fR, \fIqa\fR, \fIdev\fR).
The server URL needs to include path to the API root (usually \fI/rest_api/v1/\fR).
This argument is always required.
.TP
.BR \-x ", " \-\-request =\fIMETHOD\fR
Select which method to perform on the resource.
This maps directly to HTTP methods, so \fBGET\fR, \fBPOST\fR, \fBPUT\fR, \fBPATCH\fR
and \fBDELETE\fR are available.
Default is \fBGET\fR.
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-resource =\fIRESOURCE\fR
Select which resource to manipulate.
If omitted, a list of available resource is printed.
For accessing a single instance of a resource, specify \fIRESOURCE_NAME/INSTANCE_ID\fR.
The instance identifier depends on what resource you are operating on.
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-data =\fIDATA\fR
Specify data to be sent to the server.
The data must be formatted as JSON.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-file =\fIFILE\fR
Like \fB\-d\fR, but reads data from file instead of command line argument.
If \fIFILE\fR is specified as \fB\-\fR, standard input will be read.
Only one of \fB\-d\fR and \fB\-f\fR can be used simultaneously.
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-traceback
Print traceback information in case of an error.
.TP
.BR \-\-debug
Show details about performed requests.
.SH BUGS
If you find a bug in the client, report at
.br
https://github.com/release-engineering/product-definition-center/issues/.
